Fix typo and clarifications (#3)
Somersall-Natalie/fedora-acs-override: README.md

1. (ACS only) - Install the dependencies to start building your own kernel.
    ```shell

>     sudo dnf install fedpkg fedora-packager rpmdevtools ncurses-devel pesign

Reviewer: 🎉 Thanks for catching that!  I've been using the DNF system upgrade so long I didn't check this.  🙇🏻‍♀️ 

```suggestion
    sudo dnf install fedpkg fedora-packager rpmdevtools ncurses-devel pesign rpm-build
```

It looks like `rpmdevtools` provides everything except `rpmbuild`.  [link](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Rpmdevtools)  That's provided by `rpm-build`.

```
$ sudo dnf whatprovides rpmbuild
Last metadata expiration check: 4:18:01 ago on Wed 16 Jun 2021 04:56:19 PM MDT.
rpm-build-4.16.1.3-1.fc34.x86_64 : Scripts and executable programs used to build
                                 : packages
Repo        : @System
Matched from:
Filename    : /usr/bin/rpmbuild

rpm-build-4.16.1.3-1.fc34.x86_64 : Scripts and executable programs used to build
                                 : packages
Repo        : fedora
Matched from:
Filename    : /usr/bin/rpmbuild
```

Author: Sounds good to me!

    To add the patch, add the two lines below to the spec file in the section for patches (usually right below the sources).
    ```
    # ACS override patch
    Patch1000: add-acs-override.patch
    ```

>     Then tell it to apply the patch in the `prep` section. It will be below the `ApplyOptionalPatch()` variable, normally right above the `# END OF PATCH APPLICATIONS` note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Then tell it to apply the patch in the `prep` section. It will be below the `ApplyOptionalPatch()` function definition, normally right above the `# END OF PATCH APPLICATIONS` comment.
```

I love it!  Does this make it even more clear?

Author: Sounds good, thanks!
